### A Quick Question for Gravity Kills

"What's that sound? You hear it? It's a funny squeaky sound." \
- Aunt Bethany Griswold 1908-1998

Seriously, what is that squeeky sound on some versions of "Guilty" by
Gravity Kills?

Flashback:

Spring, 1995. I'm driving down the road in my second 924 (see
[Porsches](porsches.html) ) when "Guilty" comes on the radio. It was
brand new then (only released on Point Essential Vol. 1) so I turn it up
and commence rocking.

That's when I hear it... The squeak. I start beating on the dashboard
because it sounded just like my car's squeaky blower motor. Trick is,
that was in my old car (again, see [Porsches](porsches.html) ) The new
car didn't have any problems.

I'm like, "wtf? is this blower screwed up, too?" I turn the radio down.
No squeak. Turn radio up, "squeak... squeak. squeak squeak... squeak."

HA! It's on the song. Those clever guys put a random squeak in to be
cool.

Every time I heard the song from there on out I was completely
distracted by the squeak. I was really glad to hear they left it out of
the album version...

This Morning:

I get in my car and "Guilty" was on the radio. I turn it up to see which
version they're playing.

Sure 'nuff. The squeak is there. It's the Point Essential Vol. 1
version. Good times.

Here's my question. What the fuck is that squeak? It's so bad and so
random it has to be a mistake. Yet, it is so clear and out there it had
to come from a good mic... Kind of like the singer was sitting on a
squeaky chair while recording his tracks. But, it can't be that. The
sound is distinct, panned right down the center, and doesn't appear to
have any effects. So, maybe it was something picked up by the drum
overheads? I might be imagining it, but the sound seems to go away when
the real drums drop out. Squeaky drum throne that disappears when the
gates close?

If you happen to be in Gravity Kills or were around during the first
recording, please let me know via the [contact](contact.html) page.
thanks.

### UPDATE:

Turns out I'm good friends with someone who works with one of the
Gravity Kills guys. He said:

"I talked to XXXXX about the squeak. It was a kick pedal. They didn't
notice it until after the whole thing was mastered so there wasn't much
they could do. The re-recorded it minus the squeak for their album.
