Binge - Chapter 1 (rough cuts)
------------------------------

I like to drink.  It almost always leads to trouble.  Like anything,
though, it depends on how you look at it.  Take this novel.  If it
wasn’t for drunk, I wouldn’t be writing it.  I’d be looking at people
falling down on the internet while hitting send/receive on my four email
accounts and refreshing the for-sale section of craigslist.  For what?
Got me, but I’ll be sure to let you know when I buy it.

For a while, there, I was drinking every day.  It didn’t serve me very
well.  Like anything else we like to do, doing it every day gets old. 
Plus, nothing new can come from something old so, for now, I choose the
binge.  It keeps things fresh and the stories are more fun.  Let’s
compare:

“I was so drunk for the past nine years.  I don’t really know what
happened.”

- to -

“I drank 5 pints of Guinness in 25 minutes.  You won’t believe what
happened.”

Q.E.D.

 

I like to drink alone.  Mostly because the kind of trouble drinking
alone leads to typically does not involve a trip to the E.R.  However,
trouble is trouble no matter where you end up.  Nineteen stitches and an
appointment with your local cosmetic dentist or a three day deadline for
a finished novel.  Perhaps I should have called some friends.  I'll
explain the three day deadline in a bit.

The problem with the drink is it lubes all the thinking tubes and forces
a brilliant rush of ideas, debris, fear, and wonder through your
conscious which can, by design, only keep track of about seven things at
once.  This is why some of us fall over.  People falling down led to the
invention of camcorders and the internet. God love the internets.

I don’t typically fall down. Instead, I bang shoulders into door frames
and bang out brilliant emails and timeless ideas for books and fine
literature to be written when I sober up. This is an evolution of the
drunk dial.  I find it leads to a lot less trouble, usually, and I get
to keep souvenirs in the form of a pile of papers in my 'drunk stack'
which gets tucked away in a 'drunk file' every three months.

A few years ago, when I was drinking every day, my mother sent a gift. 
It was a wonderful, green book full of names, addresses and success
stories.  There was a note written in bubbly script inside the front
cover.

“You write the best stories. Why don’t you send some of them out to get
published?  Here, I bought you a book. You just send your stories out to
these publishers.  The checks will start pouring in any minute. You
should enter some contests, too. Love, MOM”

Per her, I am also the most handsome, smartest, cutest, funniest, and
favorite son.  Never mind I was born holding the I.U.D. in my hand.
Imagine the look on her face when the doctor said, “You’re pregnant,
again!”

Bless her heart. I put the big green book on the table, poured another
whiskey.  My drunk stack was empty.  I wasn’t doing much of anything
those days.

Seasons changed, people moved on and I eventually woke up, bored, with a
horrible headache and a decision. It was time to trade the constant
vodka haze for the occasional binge on good scotch.  Eventually, the
empty drunk bin became a drunk stack which meant I was back.  I don’t
think anyone noticed or cared if the stack was empty or full.  You
probably don’t care, either. You shouldn’t. You have your own problems.

One night I banged out a brilliant synopsis for an epic I might
eventually get around to writing. A novel loosely based on a classic
which I would cleverly title, “Huckleberry Funn.” I clicked print and
swung around to retrieve my genius when I caught my little toe on the
edge of the desk.  The desk ripped my toenail clear off.  The chair
rolled out from under me as I pawed for something to grab onto.  Shit
was flying everywhere.  Next thing I know I was on the ground, balled
up, holding my toe and my mouth.  I managed to pull that dusty, big
green book off the desk and right in my mouth where a corner pushed back
the gums between my front teeth.  I laid there for a while tasting blood
with an icy pool of watered down scotch soaking into my shirt. I spent
some quality thinking time there. *Maybe I should frame the toenail.*

So much for drinking alone to avoid injury.

I eventually got up and noticed the book was laying there open to a page
full of addresses.  The thing had just punched me in the face and now it
is acting all innocent and shit.  For fear of angering the book, I took
out an envelope and hand wrote a publisher’s address on it. I popped in
my synopsis for “Huckleberry Funn” along with my contact information and
walked it to mail box.

My mailbox eventually replaced the drunk stack.  I’d write some crap,
pick out an address then stumble to the mailbox in boxers or pajamas. 
Sometimes I’d even leash up the dog and bring her with me.  There’s
nothing better than taking your dog for a stumbly walk at 3am in
tighty-whiteys, drink in hand. If we timed it just right, she'd get to
bark at newspaper delivery guy and I'd get to throw out my
drink-sloshing, two chest pump with peace sign combo greeting.  He would
never return the salute, but I knew we were the highlight of his route.

He’d sit down to breakfast with his wife after a long night of work,
“That drunk asshole on Briar Ct. was out walking his dog again.”

She’d say, “The one in underwear with the wiener dog?”

“That’s the one.”

Some nights I'd forget the leash. The little shit would take off after
some sort of suburban rodent and I'd spend a half hour stumbling around
and yelling for her. This is exactly why I named her Taxi.

For the most part, my antics were harmless.  I’d receive the occasional
rejection letter, but most of the time I wouldn’t hear anything.  I
figured it was for the best because there’s no way I could possible
write an entire book.  It would interfere with my dates with the
newspaper guy.  More importantly, Taxi (the wiener) would miss the late
night walks.  Nothing’s worse than a ticked off wiener. Trust me.

----

I grabbed the mail after work at 5:34pm on August 9, 2002.  There were
two credit card applications, one envelope of coupons, a gas bill, and a
thick envelope addressed to me from Hendrickson Publishing.  I never got
a thick envelope before.

In addition to little crossword puzzle books and travel games,
Hendrickson Publishing publishes magazines and books aimed towards bored
women and trendy gays about decorating and cooking.  They’ve got the
market cornered for the grocery store check-out line crap.  Apparently,
they loved the synopsis I sent last spring but at the time they were not
considering any full length books.  In fact, the letter said they were
not entirely sure why I had sent the synopsis for a book about
decorating to the office which was responsible for short, holiday
themed, recipe paperbacks. Lucky for me, the packaged ended up on the
right desk.

*Lucky for me? A book about decorating?  Twah?*

That’s when it clicked.  I rarely make a copy of the crap I send out so
any time I get a response I don’t know what they hell they’re talking
about.  What do I know about decorating homes?  Nothing.  But, that
didn’t stop me from writing a synopsis. I remembered it clearly.

The “Evolving Home” was a book detailing a well thought out plan for
young couples decorating their first home on a budget.  The idea was to
slowly replace their crappy dorm room furniture and stuff dug out of the
grandparent’s basement with fine quality pieces; to slowly evolve your
home into something that represents the homeowner’s personalities and
tastes without breaking the bank or looking like an IKEA catalog.  This
evolutionary approach also assures you don’t wind up with an entire
house of trendy furniture which will be completely out of style in 7
years.  The book contained floor plans, designs, color charts, check
lists, quizzes, and funny anecdotes.  The synopsis promised everything
you could possibly want from a smart book about decorating.  There were
plans for a website, too.

Lucky-for-me my ass.  I don’t know anything about decorating.  I don’t
even think I can write a whole book.  This was something I hadn’t
expected.  Someone wanted me, a guy who likes to walk his wiener around
outside, in underwear, to write a book.  About decorating.  How fucked
up is that?  I called mom.

She was THRILLED.  Her favorite boy got a book deal from a real
publisher promising real money with a real contract in the real mail. 
She assured me I could write the book. “You’ve decorated your home
beautifully, Jordan. You can write that in three days.  You can do
ANYTHING!”

I love her for that.

My wife was more realistic. “You can’t write a book about decorating.
You can’t even write a book about things you know. Hell, you can’t even
take out the trash right.”

She had a point.

I typed out a nice letter to the publisher.  “A lot of things have
changed since Spring.  I am undergoing Sexual Reassignment Surgery in
mid-September and therefore will not be able to take on the project at
this time.  Thank you for your inquiry.” I signed it “Jordanna.”

I was fired up, though. Someone wanted one of my books.  I framed the
unsigned contract, hung it next to the toenail, and continued to fill
the drunk stack.

----

I’m sitting here on the patio of a café near my house. It is 7:30 am.  I
called in sick from work. I have my laptop, snacks, and a bottle of
decent scotch peeking from my bag.  There are five cigars in there, too.
My second double shot mocha is on the table cooling next to a letter
from John McDean.  It happened again.  Someone wants to publish my book.
Problem is, there isn't one. Not yet.

The letter was simple, to the point, but this time it came overnight
mail. "We love your idea but we're on a tight schedule. FedEx the first
three chapters as soon as possible."

You know what, Mr. Publisher? I'm going to send the whole damn book.
Today is Friday. I'll drop it in the mail Monday morning. I'm giving
myself three days.

This, of course, means I have a lot of work to do. There are characters
to develop, friends to make, and a timeless story to shit out over
coffee and scotch. You can bet I'll lift a lot of the story from my
experiences here at the cafe and wherever else I end up this weekend. It
looks like rain. When it does, you can be damn sure my girls are going
to get wet. Dishes will break, babies will cry and boring moms on cell
phones will be jabbering away about nothing to their mothers. It will
all be in the book.

Have a look at those two kids waiting inside for their drinks. They're
my main characters, Jack and Madison. Cute kids. Innocent even. Hang on
while I tap the glass to get their attention.

Yep, that is them. See how they're doing their best to ignore the weird
old man outside the window. Good for them. It wouldn't be right if they
talked to me. They have plenty more important things to be worrying
about right now than the old man outside who is pretending to drive an
imaginary car then throwing the imaginary keys outside the imaginary
window.

*Jack, look at that crazy guy out on the patio. What the hell is he
doing?*

I'm giving away the end.

- - -

[ch 1](http://www.armp.it/)
