Caves of St. Louis
------------------


 (Of course, feel free to [Contact](contact.html) me if you know
anything about the caves. I'd love to put more information on this
portion of the site.)

* * * * *


 I have been fascinated with the network of caves that are supposedly
under the city of St. Louis ever since I was a little kid. One day,
while trying to find a birthday present for my brother, I stumbled upon
a book entitled, "Lost Caves of St. Louis."
 
 Written in 1964, it seemed a bit outdated, but I was enthralled. I
bought it for him, wrapped it up and gave it away.
 
 Three years later I borrowed the book from the library and decided to
make this site. The goal is to become a central repository of current
information about the caves under St. Louis.
 
 There isn't much here because the caves' mystery is only exceeded by
their power (HA!) but because of it I was invited to a
[tour](cherokeeCaveTour.html) of Lemp and Cherokee.
 
 Here's an unfinished Google map that shows the approximate locations of
each cave mentioned in "Lost Caves of St. Louis". A similar map can be
found on pages 20 â€“ 24 in the book. Of course, I haven't taken the time
to find the coordinates of each location... If you want to help, find a
few and send them to me. (please? It isn't hard, just google map the
intersections and write down the coordinates... Should take you a half
hour, tops.)


 1. AnheuserBuschCave East side of Carondelet (now s. broadway and
arsenal)
 2. Bremen N. Broadway and Bremen Ave.
 3. CherokeeBrewery 2726 Cherokee
 4. CherokeeCave. Cherokee & 7th
 5. StLouisBrewery. Franklin between 2nd and Broadway
 6. ConsumersBrewery Cave. 1920 Shenandoah
 7. EnglishCave. East of Benton Park between Arsenal and Wyoming
 8. HomeBreweryCave. Corner of miami and wisconsin
 9. HydePark Salisbury and North Florrisant
 10. IndianMound Broadway near Brooklyn Ave.
 11. Kerzingers Southeast Corner of Broadway and Tyler
 12. KlausmanCave 8639 Broadway
 13. LayfayetteCave 1714 Cass Ave.
 14. LempCave South of Cherokee Cave on S. Broadway
 15. NaturalCaves - 
 15a. 2005 Benton southwest to Ecoff and Manchester Ave.
 15b. Hudler and Hoffman
 16. PhoenixBreweryCave (old staehlin brewery) 18th and Lafayette
 17. ShnaidersBreweryCave Chouteau ave. between armstrong and
mississippi
 18. SidneyStreetBreweryCaves (most likely all the same cave) (PUT ON
MAP!)
 -whitteman and rost weiss, 211 anna (now st. george)
 -theo schwer, 709-15 lynch 
 -pittsburg,rosati (now 12th) and lynch
 -jackson brewery, same block as above
 -arsenal 11th and Lynch
 -suesert and berger, south side of sidney and west of 7th
 -schlop, sidney street north near buel (now 10th)
 -gambrinus, sidney and 10th
 -koch and feldkamp, south sidney
 -schilling and schneider, south sidney
 19. UhrigsCave Locust and Washington Ave. beneath 18th street between
jefferson and delmar
 20. WildCaves
 20a. North of California and Sidney
 20b. East under nebraska near lafayette
 20c. 1900 South Compton Ave.
 21. WinkelmeyerAndExcelsiorCaveStretches between 17th and 18th under
Market
 
 
 The book seems to have been reprinted in 1996 and includes a forward by
Ron Elz. he mentions an entrance to the Lemp Caverns through a lidded
opening in a parking lot.
 
 He also mentions an entrance to the Cherokee Cave in the basement of
the former Cherokee Brewery brew house. It says the building is located
just east of Iowa St. on the south side of Cherokee Street.
 
 There seems to be a man-made thing called Glasgow Cavern on teh
northwest corner of Cass and Garrison Avenue. (PUT THIS ON THE MAP).
 
 He says the Uhrig Cave is still under the Main Post Office and Union
Station. (PUT THIS ON THE MAP)
 
 There seems to be a number of caves between Washington Boulevard and
Locust Street on the west side of Jefferson (PUT THIS ON THE MAP)
 
 

### Some Links


 an article about the Lemp caves:

[http://bestof.riverfronttimes.com/bestof/award.php?award=30716](http://bestof.riverfronttimes.com/bestof/award.php?award=30716)
 
 Caves Threatened by County Development -
[link](http://record.wustl.edu/news/page/normal/8977.html "http://record.wustl.edu/news/page/normal/8977.html")
 
 
 [Missouri Speleological
Survey](http://www.mospeleo.org/ "http://www.mospeleo.org/")
 
 
 [speleology @
washu](http://speleology.wustl.edu/index.html "http://speleology.wustl.edu/index.html")
 
 heres how you get into lemp cave:
[http://www.missourighosts.net/investigations03e.html](http://www.missourighosts.net/investigations03e.html)
- and 
 "You don't crawl in the expected way, on your tummy, walkie-talkie in
hand, wearing a spelunker's helmet, or plot strategies with subterranean
maps. You just walk into a building, turn on a few lights and proceed to
a cargo elevator that drops you three stories straight down into one
part of the cave system. If you want to travel to another leg of the
network, you can either wander through the dank, muddy tunnels or you
can get back on the elevator, resurface, walk a few hundred yards in the
open air, enter another building and submerge again. It's a funny way to
spelunk, but it works well for the cowardly and the claustrophobic."
 
 
 Here is a reader contributed link (thanks!) to a local news show
segment called "Places you can't go." They went into a mystery part of
the cherokee cave (I don't think this is cherokee cave... it is
something different) and rafted around for a bit:
 

[http://www.ksdk.com/video/default.aspx?aid=67657&bw=](http://www.ksdk.com/video/default.aspx?aid=67657&bw=)
 
 or, for a direct link to the streaming video:

mms://wm.ksdk.gannett.edgestreams.net/news/013108\_underground\_ksdk.wmv
 
 Let's get a group together and convince Will Liebermann to give us a
key to the pace.
 
 Another
[link](http://livingstlouis.wordpress.com/2004/02/10/living-st-louis-video-cherokee-caves/)
to a video about a cave tour. I love how he says the one ice shaft is in
the middle of the intersection of Cherokee and DeMenil Pl.
 

* * * * *

another entrance bites the dust:

[http://users.stlcc.edu/mfuller/lempdig/history.html](http://users.stlcc.edu/mfuller/lempdig/history.html)
 

* * * * *

unrelated to caves of st. louis... punks in the "caves" under paris: 
 

[http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/europe/article2554240.ece](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/europe/article2554240.ece)\


* * * * *

[http://www.urbanstl.com/viewtopic.php?p=60176&sid=81003ef834c9c358b95e174a2c20b798](http://www.urbanstl.com/viewtopic.php?p=60176&sid=81003ef834c9c358b95e174a2c20b798)\

* * * * *

[http://www.usgennet.org/usa/mo/county/stlouis/undergroun\_stl.htm](http://www.usgennet.org/usa/mo/county/stlouis/underground_stl.htm)
 
