### Dirty Doctor

Now, i gotta say, i'm all over a dirty nurse... but a dirty doctor?
check this out.

Winter 2001, Copper Mountain, Summit County Colorado.

We're riding up the ski lift after I took a hell of a tumbling fall in
soft powder. I was being retarded and smacked a ski lift support with
the tail of my board. This got us talking about getting hurt and
breaking bones while doing something retarded.. mostly in drunken
stoopers, but I digress.

I mention my doctor and how she is kind of a mess. Really, she is the
fattest, smelliest, nastiest thing. Very nice and attentive, which is
why I continue to see her, but I do my best to not let her touch me
anymore.

The day I went in to get some toe fungus checked out was the proof that
I am not just being weird or biased because she's going bald. She
grabbed my big toe and started scaping on my nasty toenail with her
fingernail.. no gloves. I don't want to know what else she does w/o
gloves.

Anyway, back to the ski lift. We're talking about doctors and I tell
them about how mine is wack. One guy is like, "that's nothing, I used to
work at some all you can eat buffet where this doctor and her family
were regulars. They were the nastiest family I have ever seen. This
woman (the doctor) had adopted a bunch of children but the thing is, she
doesn't believe in hygiene. Her and her whole family stunk up the
restaurant and touched all the food on the buffet.

"I heard her house was even worse. They had a bunch of pets but the
funny part is the health department had to come in to clean it up. They
found human feces on the floor along with the cat shit, puke, hair, the
whole thing. It was the first time the health department had to help out
a doctor."

I'm like, "Oopfph, what's her name so I make sure never to go there."

He's like, "Dr. \_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ her office is in
\_\_\_\_\_\_"

WHAHAHAHHHA!! that's my doctor... my dirty, dirty doctor.
