reviews
-------


 Fixing Stupid is a hard-edged debut from Orangetree, with powerful
ska-metal-punk grooves hitting the listener from every angle. \~ Steve
Huey, All Music Guide 
 
 
 Wait a minute. Is this the same band that released Fixing Stupid back
in 1999? Well, the membership may remain the same, but this self-titled
set gives no warning to the roar of sound that immediately bursts from
their speakers. In the intervening year, the group seems to have become
hosts to the ghosts of stadium rock past, leaving fans who haven't seen
them on-stage recently to listen with dropping jaws. But after the
initial shock wears off, one starts to distinguish all the elements of
old that still shine through the scorching, screaming guitars solos and
big rock vocals yowling to heaven. The opener, "Miserable," still kicks
ass punk-style, although it's almost trampled by the thundering guitar
riff. "Bad Apples" is a frenzied skanker, with only the rolling drums
and screaming vocals taking the song into the arena. "That's Not You"
breezy third wave meets the new school via Brit punk circa 1978 is pure
skacore, again with only the vocals fooling the unwary. And so it goes,
as the band's roots show through their new dye job. But do fans really
want to hear Orangetree's blend of ska, punk, and hardcore through the
prism of hard rock? Well, in the Midwest, those long-haired bands of
yore never died, their music never faded, and they still blast out of
the radio to this day. And hey, "Fall Apart," with its Mott the Hoople
intro and singalong with your cell phone in the air power ballad
atmosphere, can't help but stir the blood. It sure is different. The
only other band pushing into similar unchartered territory, Reel Big
Fish, had a much poppier edge, but this is the real thing. Real rock,
with a really big sound, but throw away your preconceptions, and you too
will be forced to step back in utter amazement. \~ Jo-Ann Greene, All
Music Guide 
 
 Orangetree
 Fixing Stupid (Jump Up! Records)
 By: Alex Steininger
 
 Former MU330 vocalist Jason Nelson is back with another ska-punk act,
Orangetree. This St. Louis six-piece plays typical slaphappy ska-punk
with plenty of pop and humor to go 'round. Their debut is worth a few
laughs, but beyond that, it loses momentum.
 
 "Alligator" and "Pretzels" are both worth a few giggles while "Chop
Top" and "Soda" will put a smile on your face; underneath the
semi-serious surface their is more humor and smiles to be found. The
band is definitely a party-time fun band worth a few listens, because
they will get you dancing and smiling. Depth, though, is lacking. It's
just typical, goofy ska-punk madness as the band goes wild to get their
audience to go wild.
 
 The band isn't the tightest, but it is evident they're having a blast.
So, it's safe to say, you will too. If you're looking for something that
will give you a quick sugar rush and wear off soon after, then this is
something you should take notice of. If it's a long lasting record, then
forget it. I'll give it a C-.
 
 Orangetree
 Ska punksters who sound quite a bit like Save Ferris. But don't hold
that against them...
 
 IMPACT Press: Music Reviews: Oct./Nov. '99
 OrangeTree • Fixing Stupid • Jump Up! • Ex-MU330 singer Jason Nelson
fronts this new excursion into the vast, aging world of rock-ska and
breathes fresh new life into it, as only an MU330 homeboy could. Every
now and then, you gotta bring a little ska back into your life, and why
not with a source you trust? And why not now? And why not with an album
that will kick your ass until you can't sit down?
 
 Orangetree
 Fixing Stupid
 Before ska-rock hit the mainstream a couple years ago, quirky Midwest
ska-rock was something fun, bouncy, ska without any serious message.
However, since this branch of the ska tree has been so over-saturated in
recent years, for a band to play it, it’s now gotta be really, really
good. Orangetree, Jason Nelson’s (ex-MU330) long-awaited project, is
just okay. Although not bad at all, it’s really just treading the
same-old quirk-ska ground. Yet, there is more than a glimmer of hope.
The last track “Felicity” is a great straight-up rock song, with catchy
changes and chorus. Instead of quirky ska-rock, maybe just a fun rock
direction would be a great way for Jason Nelson to break from MU330 and
rock out all his own.
 Jump Up!, jumpuprecords.com
 
 Orangetree
 "Fixing Stupid" \*SOLD OUT\*
 
 Jason Nelson, formerly of the great act MU330 introduces his new band
Orangetree with their crankin' debut "Fixing Stupid." Rockin' ska-punk
fervor throughout this excellent disc including tracks like the
blisterin' pace of "Wally's Revival," the tempo switchin' skank of
"Pretzels," "Chop Top," "Makin' Out," and seven others. 
 
 Orangetree
 Jump Up
 
 This is another poppy, punk-ska CD about girls. It's nothing real
groundbreaking. The lead singer kind of sings like a girl, but he's a
guy. The style seems to be too old for angry youth, but too young for
the two-tone sounding ska about drugs and stuff. I'm sure Orangetree is
real good live. "Eye to Eye" is a good song that starts out with minor
sounding guitar, and then explodes into a high-energy chorus. I can't
really recommend anyone who would like it, because it's not quite for
the Less Than Jake crowd, but on the other hand, it's not for the
Skatalites crowd. So if you're looking for a middle ground, this is for
you.
 Jump Up! Records, P.O. Box 13189, Chicago, IL 60613;
[http://www.jumpuprecords.com](http://www.jumpuprecords.com)
 Liza Hearon
 
 from everything2:
 (person) by Xamot (2.7 mon) (print) ? Mon Oct 09 2000 at 22:00:14
 
 A ska-punk band from St. Louis. They have 2 releases with Jump Up!
Records. The band is comprised of Gordon Moeckel, vocalist Jason Nelson,
guitarist/vocalist Baker Lee, Jordan Woerndle, D.J. Bly, and drummer Ted
Steiling. They are the biggest thing going in St. Louis right now. Jason
Nelson used to sing with mu330 and I believe the other guys have been
around the St. Louis music scene for some time.
 
 They kick ass and I fully expect good things to happen to these guys.
Right now they mostly appear around the Missouri/Illinois area. They are
working on their third CD so I imagine they will tour more after that is
finished.
 
 albums:
 s/t -- Jump Up! Records (2000) 
 Fixing Stupid -- Jump Up! Records (1999) 
 
 Orange Tree "Fixing Stupid"
 (Jump Up! Records)
 It's basically MU330's second album "Chump's on Parade" with Jason
singing. Which means it's good. Fast catchy ska pop songs make this
album good. "Chop Top" shows how the rest of the album is going to turn
out. The horns in the band make the songs worth while to listen to,
including Jason's nutty and wacky singing voice. "Alligator," Making
Out," and "Soda" are great songs. I thought this album was going to suck
but I was proven wrong. Good effort from Jason, and co.
 
 OrangeTree • Fixing Stupid • Jump Up! • Ex-MU330 singer Jason Nelson
fronts this new excursion into the vast, aging world of rock-ska and
breathes fresh new life into it, as only an MU330 homeboy could. Every
now and then, you gotta bring a little ska back into your life, and why
not with a source you trust? And why not now? And why not with an album
that will kick your ass until you can't sit down?
 
 IMPACT Press: Music Reviews: August-September '00 -- a bimonthly ...
 Orangetree • self-titled • Jump Up! Records • What stuck out about this
disc first, before I even listened to it, was the fact that the name of
the band is spelled wrong in big letters inside the cover. Fortunately,
the music is better than the editing. This is a fun SKA disk in the
MU330 vain. Fast, catchy and easy to listen to, this is a disc you want
to own.
 
 Orangetree "Fixing Stupid"
 This is a super-rad ska/punk band from St. Louis including ex-MU330
singer Jason. Orangetree gets you pumped up like no other band. They
make me jump up, skank and jump up all over the house. Great cd here on
Jump Up! records. Extra awesome tracks on here include "Makin' Out",
"Wally's Revival", "Chop Top", and the very fast ska tune "Soda". I
can't really tell you guys what Orangetree sounds like cause they have a
sound all their own which is incredible. You can tell in songs like "I'm
Going Ya Ya" and "You Know it". Easily one of my favorite cds I own. My
only complaint: hopefully next cd will have a couple more songs than
this one though. Get this cd now!(10)
 
 Issue 8 of ska-face is out now for 50p (UK) or \$2 (US) with stuff on
the Splitters, OrangeTree, Morecambe Ska Fest & Moon Ska Europe tour.
 Buy 3 issues for £1.50 or \$4. 
 send cash or cheques to: (payable to M.Simmonds)
 42 Cranmere Road, Melton Mowbray, Leics, LE13 1TB. England.
 
 URBAN RAG \#29 Winter & Early Spring 2000:
 Orange Tree “Fixing Stupid” - Jump Up Records. Ska on steroids if
possible, with falsetto vocals reminiscent of a couple of those
Cali-punk bands of the early to mid 80s. It’s got that big sterol sound
that I’m not crazy about it - but then I don’t care much for the Mighty
Mighty Bore Tunes, either. I’m sure I’m not offending any die-hard
skaankers out there, because I know that you know the MMBTs are just a
couple of sell outs. While it’s nice to have a break through band in
every genre - I wish they had more soul. I guess I question Orange
Tree’s sincerity too. BUT... I can see where some out there, perhaps
many out there, would like them.
 
 
 Post Posted: Wed May 11, 2005 9:15 pm Post subject: Reply with quote
 I don't know any local bands anymore since I've just moved to SC, but
St. Louis sure had a lot of them.
 I loved Orange Tree. I'm so sad they're gone ;\_;\
 Also, my friends' band Nigh Eve is quite good. They're in Atlanta.
 
 
 mustard plug website:
 10/8/98 Edwardsville, IL Southern Illinois Univ. Orangetree
 
 april 20, 1999:
 Alkaline Trio electrifies the Side Door
 BY TOBIE DEPAUW
 LIFESTYLE REPORTER
 Alkaline means basic, and basically, these guys just plain ROCK!
 
 The group gave some students a marvelous preview Friday night at the
Side Door in St. Louis. They opened for Orangetree's CD Release party
along with Celery and First Grade Crush. 
 
 
 
 Hailing from South Bend IN, the Sixty Second Quickies(formerly known as
Skaba-Du), have been playing a high octane mix of ska/punk & 80's metal
since 1996. The Quickies have played the Crossroads Music Expo (Memphis,
TN), Atlantis Musc Expo (Atlanta, GA), NXNW (Portland, OR), SXSW
(Austin, TX) and other regional showcases. Sharing the stage with
ska/punk faves such as Johnny Socko, Mock Orange, The Mad Butchers, Los
Infernos, Inspecter 7, Skavossas, PEZZ, The Ducky Boys, Mustard Plug,
The Stereo, Catch 22, Orange Tree, Telegraph and others, The Sixty
Second Quickies are adding to their fan-base by touring constantly. With
a live show very few bands can touch, these fine young suburban hustlers
have a loyal following that continues to grow with each show.
 
 couldn't find the e-card you were talking about...i downloaded
ambulance vs ambulance instead since i found that online. i like the
lead singer who sounds like jason nelson when he's actually singing but
that's because i'm a fan of mu330 and orangetree....i still don't see
much of anything that's revolutionary or special to the point of this
kind of praise.
 
 
 from amazon:
 I love this cd. Orangetree is one of the best (if not THE best) bands
to come out of St.Louis and I highly recommend it! I listen to alot of
ska-punk type of music and they are my all time favorite! This cd along
with their other one both rock. I LOVE YOU ORANGETREE!! 
 
 i have this cd, and it has made the band my faveorite! i saw ot at a
concert in early 2000 and bought this cd right away! they are my fave
band and need to be well known!
 
 I bought this cd, due to the fact that it Jason Nelsons'(ex MU330) new
band. I was expecting basically another MU330 basically, however I was
pleasantly surprised. This cd rocks! Hard! Not to say that MU330 does
not, but these guys take it to the next level. It has quickly become the
best cd in my collection... buy it!
 
 Orangetree, as far as im concerned, is one of the best bands out there.
The combination of punk ska and emo blends itself into a totally
original style mix. The sound quality and vocals are amazing (Devotion
is my favorite) and the lyrics for the songs dont get any written any
better. If you like anything close to get up kids, mu330 (same singer,
both bands), grade, pharmaceutical bandits, or catch 22, then this cd is
for you. This is definetly a worthy addition to your collection.
 
 from the sixty second quickies garageband.com site:
 Hailing from South Bend IN, the Sixty Second Quickies(formerly known as
Skaba-Du), have been playing a high octane mix of ska/punk & 80's metal
since 1996. The Quickies have played the Crossroads Music Expo (Memphis,
TN), Atlantis Musc Expo (Atlanta, GA), NXNW (Portland, OR), SXSW
(Austin, TX) and other regional showcases. Sharing the stage with
ska/punk faves such as Johnny Socko, Mock Orange, The Mad Butchers, Los
Infernos, Inspecter 7, Skavossas, PEZZ, The Ducky Boys, Mustard Plug,
The Stereo, Catch 22, Orange Tree, Telegraph and others, The Sixty
Second Quickies are adding to their fan-base by touring constantly. With
a live show very few bands can touch, these fine young suburban hustlers
have a loyal following that continues to grow with each show.
 

* * * * *

Ringtone?
---------

Get the hottest ringtone everyone is talking about:

Orangetree: God And A Cuban Cigar ringtone\
 God And A Cuban Cigar Ringtone by Orangetree ... Usage of album
artwork, music samples and lyrics is solely for promotion of CD sales,
...\

ringtones.actionext.com/names\_o/orangetree\_ringtones/god\_and\_a\_cuban\_cigar\_ringtone.html
- 13k - Cached - Similar pages

* * * * *

discography
-----------



* * * * *

Fixing Stupid
 
 * Release Date: 1999
 * Genre: Rock
 * Label: Jump Up
 * Total Time: 33:06
 
 * Artist: Orangetree
 * Flags: Lyrics are included with the album
 * Rating: StarStarHalf Star
 * Style: Third Wave Ska Revival
 

* * * * *

Orangetree
 
 * Release Date: 2000
 * Genre: Rock
 * Label: Jump Up
 
 * Artist: Orangetree
 * Flags: Lyrics are included with the album
 * Rating: StarStarStar
 * Styles: Third Wave Ska Revival, Indie Rock
 

* * * * *


 Smash Your Radio, Vol. 2
 
 * Release Date: 2000
 * Genre: Rock
 * Label: Jump Up
 
 * Artist: Various Artists
 * Flags: Collection (various artists)
 * Rating: StarStar
 * Styles: Ska-Punk, Third Wave Ska Revival, Indie Rock
 

* * * * *


 Coffee, Cigarettes and Nuclear War
 
 * Release Date: 1999
 * Genre: Rock
 * Label: Absolute Zero
 
 * Artist: Various Artists
 * Flags: Collection (various artists)

* * * * *

Various Artists - Sex Sells? Ska, Punk & Other Junk
 
 * Compare Prices
 * User Reviews
 * Expert Review
 * Credits
 * Tracks
 * Work Listings

* * * * *


 Sex Sells? Ska, Punk & Other Junk - CD Cover 
 Average User Rating: Not Yet Rated 
 Format: Audio CD
 Label: Rina Records
 Release Date: 07/11/2000
 UPC: 670917025023
 List Price: \$9.98
 

* * * * *


 JST-014 V/A Workin' Third Shift: Midnight Radio, Volume 2 CD
 jumpstart releases
 Nineteen of the freshest cuts of traditional ska, rock steady, and
roots/skinhead/dub reggae. Features tracks from King Django, Dr.
Ring-Ding, Orange Tree, The Kinetics, The Steady Ups, Intensified, After
Hours, SeeSpot, Vic Rice, The Rhythm Doctors, Rocker T, The Robustos,
and More! \$8 ppd
 

* * * * *

V/A- SKA AROUND CRAZY WORLD Vol. 1 CD
 
 Released by the Russian Label \>Neuro Empire\<.
 
 Great SKA with Orangetree/Distemper/Moonrakers/Blowing Fuse/
 
 Warsaw/Dymano Ska/The Israelites/Plastic Skanksters/Eclectics/
 
 The Telegraph/Benuts/Greenhouse/Elysium and more.

* * * * *

Best of
 
 See larger image 
 Share your own customer images
 Best of [IMPORT]
 Orangetree
 More about this product
 
 Availability: Available from these sellers.
 
 1 used & new available from \$74.98
 Product Details
 
 * Audio CD (January 24, 2001)
 * Format: Import
 * Label: Toys Factory
 * ASIN: B00005HSRH
 * Amazon.com Sales Rank: None
 Yesterday:None
 
 Editorial Reviews
 Product Description
 Japanese Exclusive Best Of. Includes Tracks from their First and Second
Releases.

* * * * *

VERY　BEST　OF　JUMP　UP！SKA－CORE
 
 ISK1] 1.Paper　Fish（DR．MANETTE）
2.Some　Kind　Of　Chase（FIRST　GRADE　CRUSH） 3.You　Know　It（ORANGETREE）
4.Harry（THE　ECLECTICS）
 5.So　What　If　Some　Guy　Wants　To　Sit　
Around　Naked　In　His　Own　Yard？（FIRST　GRADE　CRUSH）
6.Five　Finger　Discount （EXCEPTIONS） 7.Boner　For　A　Day（NOBODY　HOME）
8.Schoolclothes（HOT　STOVE　 JIMMY） 9.City　Limits（PARKA　KINGS）
10.It’s　Not　About　You，Kevin（THE　 ECLECTICS） 11.Alligator（ORANGETREE）
12.Denny’s　Run（GOOFS） 13.Introducing 　Razor　Ramone（THE　MONSIGNORS）
14.15　Labels（DR．MANETTE）
 

* * * * *

Know Your Skalphabet
 
 
 (Potshot, Five Iron Frenzy, Big D & The Kids Table, Cheapskates, Racer
Ten, Softball, Namesake, Pain)
 
 Good Clean Fun 1
 
 Released on February 26, 2001
 

* * * * *

SKA AROUND CRAZY WORLD vol.1
(Distemper,Moonrakers,Warsaw,Eclectics,Orangetree etc.) -Steersman 04:20
Chop Jop 02:14 На-На-На 02:49 So What If Some Guy Wants To Sit Around
Naked In His Own Yard! 02:05 Kingstone Town 02:52 Swingin' Pop Shouts
02:27 Stupid Sex 02:18 Blue Serge Suit With A Belt In The Back 02:14
Learn To Dance 01:41 Tap Nasty 02:53 Harry 02:59 The Streets Belong To
Us 03:25 Reality Sucks 03:57 Love Noise 02:24 Не 02:36 Fire 03:44 \$0.15
You Don't Know 02:29 Knockin' 02:07 Just Want You to Know 03:50\

* * * * *

V/A
 The Shack Vol. 3 Transatlantic Ska (UK Import) CD 
 ![](media/transatlanticSka.jpg)
 Track list: 
 
1. Pama - What's Going On? 
2. Skinnerbox - Hepcat Season 
3. Capone & The Bullets - Babylon is Burning 
4. Bim Skala Bim 
5. Ramshackle All-Stars - After Glow 
6. Warsaw - Gangster 
7. Topcats - Tear The Place Down 
8. Crazy Baldhead - Don't Turn Your Back 
9. 4th Fingers - Killing Time 
10. Rocker T - I Have to Say 
11. Fat Jabba - She's Lost It 
12. Steady Earnest - Good Foot Hoppin 
13. Muttlys Dastardly Skam - Revolutioneyes 
14. Stubborn All-Stars - No Trial 
15. Identity#1 - Saving Myself 
16. Victor Rice - Lefty 
17. Capdown - Cousin Cleotis 
18. Da Whole Thing - Running for the F Train 
19. The Great Googa Moogas - Hugh Mingus Goes Cosmic 
20. Orange Tree - That's Not You 
21. Dub Ska Liner - Club Ska Liner

* * * * *

shows
-----

SAB's Dog Days will be from noon to 4 p.m. April 19 at the corner of
Franklin and LaHarpe streets. There will be novelty acts, booths, music
showcasing campus talent Antle Walked By, St. Louis ska band Orange Tree
and featuring JACKOPIERCE.
 
 637
 
 10/8/98
 Edwardsville, IL Southern Illinois Univ. Orangetree
 
 
 4/3/99 Greenhouse, Gangster Fun, First Grade Crush, Orangetree Metro.
7:30pm all ages
 
 9/21/99 Hot Stove Jimmy, Teenage Frames, Orange Tree, Tub Ring Metro.
6:30pm All Ages

* * * * *

1998 slammies
 Best Ska Band
 St. Louis musicians and scenesters could learn a thing or two from the
local ska contingent. The bands work together, support each other and
throw massive celebrations a few times a year to boost the music -- and
as a result, all the bands gain exposure that would have been impossible
without the union. That said, each band has its own distinct sound --
some leaning closer to a ska/punk amalgam, some, like winners the
Skalars, staying more true to the Jamaican roots of the music. This is
the first year that ska and funk have had their own categories, and the
voting turnout in the ska category was high, yet another reflection on
the intensity of St. Louis ska fans' passion.
 
 1. Skalars
 2. MU330
 3. Kinetics
 4. Orange Tree
 5. Fat Cactus
 6. Suspenders
 7. Secretaries
 8. Big Boss Man
 9. Red Stripe All Stars
 10. Smooth Jimmy Apollo 
 

* * * * *

The Poster Children's Description of a Show we played with them
---------------------------------------------------------------


 Saturday April 15, 2000 - Columbia, MO
 
 We are driving home from Columbia, MO - it's after the show. It's
gorgeous outside - nighttime, the windows are open and the wind is
blowing through the van, 65 degrees, fresh outside, except for about a
60 second stretch of road along I55 which smelled like a mouth with
braces and bad breath. The guys are laughing at a jazz player talking on
the radio about rules for playing music. Each time he says a new rule,
Rick says "why? why?" Rick is so punk rock.
 
 Nothing bad happened at this festival, except that no one came. It was
a beautiful, sunny, 75 degree weekend day today and we played a festival
with The Sugar Hill Gang - and no one came, because who wants to go sit
in the Blue Note, a dark, smoky club, in the middle of a beautiful
spring day? Oh well! Even though it was a free festival, pretty much no
one came. I think the people who put the show on were kind of depressed
about that - and some of the people at the show were complaining to me
that the show wasn't well promoted, but I think there are lots of other
things going on outside today on the campus - in fact, I had heard that
the people in charge of this show wanted to get an outdoor area but
couldn't for some reason. Howie is joking that there is a "Barney Live
Webcast" on the internet today and that's why there is no one at the
show. All the other bands, bands whom I've never, ever heard of - Orange
Tree (from St. Louis), Ensign (from New Brunswick, New Jersey - what the
hell is with that town?!) and The Reggae Cowboys (From Toronto, Canada!)
and Sugar Hill Gang, from NYC, played their asses off, to an almost
completely empty, huge venue - it was so nice to see bands playing so
well, even though there were no people watching - I guess it happens to
the best of us. Even Sugar Hill Gang, who came on after us, announced
from the stage that they had played "all across the US and Europe,
sometimes to 5 people and sometimes to 300,000" they said - "and no
matter how many people are in the audience," they screamed, "we're gonna
put on a good show for you all!" The 40 or so people in the audience
cheered politely, but by the end of their set, they are just 3 huge
black guys with big black "Sugar Hill Gang Anniversary Tour" shirts on -
three guys with wireless microphones and a CD player - no musical
instruments in sight! - by the end of the show, they had half the
audience dancing on the stage with them, and I swear to god it looked
like a Gap Commercial. It was absolutely wonderful. The rest of my band
was outside by this time, eating their food. I had a great time today.
It's a great break from touring.

* * * * *


 The Skatalites with the Murder City Players and Orange Tree
 Sunday, June 11; Mississippi Nights
 By Randall Roberts 
 Published: June 7, 2000
 
 When the Reel Big Fishes of the world return to their lives as janitors
and the No Doubts drop the ska in favor of a more current sound, the
Skatalites will remain, ever preaching the glory of ska -- not the dumb
'90s kind but the classic sound of 1965 Jamaica, when the music that
evolved into reggae was exploding and the uppity dum-chink, dum-chink
rhythm set an island and, eventually, a world ablaze.
 
 \* The Skatalites, preaching the glories of ska since 1965, remain
transcendent.
 The Skatalites, preaching the glories of ska since 1965, remain
transcendent.
 
 And it was the Skatalites who did the burning. Who knows how something
magical happens, but it did when a bunch of musical geniuses --
including Don Drummond, Tommy McCook, Roland Alphonso and Jackie Mittoo
-- converged in Kingston in the late-1950s, swept up by the glory of
American rhythm and soul. But that was 35 years ago. The Skatalites 2000
feature three remaining members of the original band: alto-sax player
Lester Sterling, drummer Lloyd Knibb and bassist Lloyd Brevett. The
octet stretches out more these days than they did when the Skatalites
were making Jamaican rhythm & blues; these days the style is more
expansive, relying more on loose jazz structures than on rigid pop ones.
The result, though, is just as transcendent, as evidenced on their two
most recent releases, 1998's Skavoovee (Shanachie) and Ball of Fire
(Island).
 
 It should be noted that tonight's show is being held in celebration of
the 20th anniversary of Vintage Vinyl, the city's best record store and
the store that has maintained one of the best ska and reggae collections
in the country for the duration of their existence. 

* * * * *

"Son of Ska-O-Rama" (1998) at The Galaxy, benefiting Gateway To A Cure
for Spinal Cord Injuries - featuring 3WS, Anti-Jock, Chia Band, The
Incidents, Jumpin' River Cats, The Kinetics, Mound City Seven, Orange
Tree, Pacific Street Parts, The Red Stripe All Stars, The Special Guest,
The Stunt Doublez, The Suspenders, & The STL Irregulars
 
 "Ska-O-Rama Strikes Back" (1998) at The Casa Loma Ballroom, benefiting
St. Louis University Cancer Research and Treatment group - featuring
MU330, the Skalars, Orange Tree, The Kinetics, The Solicitors, the Mound
City Seven, The Studebakers, & Big Boss Man
 
 "SOR4: The Return of Ska-O-Rama" (1999) at The Casa Loma Ballroom,
benefiting the Humane Society of Missouri - featuring Deals Gone Bad,
Fat Cactus, The Kickbacks, The Kinetics, Murder City Players, Once More
Once, Orange Tree, Pacific Street Parkers, Red Stripe All Stars, & The
Secretaries
 
 "Ska-O-Rama 5: The Birthday Bash" (1999) at The Casa Loma Ballroom,
benefiting the St. Louis Effort for AIDS Campus Outreach Program -
featuring The Ambiguous They, Cataphasia, Dan Potthast of MU330, Fat
Cactus, Murder City Players, Orange Tree, the Postals, Radioactive
Bananas, Runforyerlife, Secret Cajun Band, Corey Dixon & the Zvooks, &
What's Wrong With Nate
 
 "Ska-O-Rama 6 ... they're back!" (2000) at The Casa Loma Ballroom,
benefiting the Epilepsy Foundation of the St. Louis Region - featuring
Murder City Players, Orange Tree, Corey Dixon and the Zvooks, the
Ambiguous They, the Kickbacks, What Happened to the 69 Chargers, Hot
Stove Jimmy, The Stand, & Heavy Step

* * * * *

is the japanese import legit? an email from our label (chuck wren)...
think he's pissed?
 
 no it's legit, had to pay for the huge loss I took on both those albums
I
 released as ....as you know.....said promised touring never happened,
band
 broke up, and I lost thousands of dollars......
 
 That japanese label seemed to have gone under as well as they stopped
 answering any correspondance and stopped sending any type of royalty
 statement......
 
 and never sent me promotional copies at all......otherwise I would
have
 glady sent the whole gang one each......
 
 I have several hundred of both relese sitting in an old warhouse, I
would
 love to get my manufactring costs back of a buck each if anyone in the
band
 wants to snag copies for gifts, etc :()
 
 Take care
 
 Chuck
 

* * * * *

this is me trying to get a copy of the ot import from some girl in
arizona:
 
 me: do you have a cd called "best of orangetree" it is a japanese
import.
 
 Them: Yes. I have the Best of Orange Tree. The price is $74.98. It is
listed on Amazon.com. Best regards, Wendy
 
 me: You have it? Great! $74.98, though? do you have any coupons or
discounts???
 
 Them: No, I don't have any discounts on the cd. I only have 1 copy. The
cd is rare and hard to find, thus the price. Thank you for your
interest. Best regards, Wendy
 
 me (yes, i know i'm a jackass): 
 
 Dear Wendy,
 
 Amen it is rare. i was in the band and I didn't even know it existed.
I
 guess the japanese label bootlegged it.. twah*? have you listened to
it? we
 were some shitty skacore band from missouri and couldn't give our real
cds
 away. the band is long gone, but i'd love to display the cd in my
trophy
 case (i'm a ping pong idiot sevant and a competitive jarts
professional..
 seriously, the trophies take up my parent's entire tool shed.)
 
 Anyhow, Here's my last pathetic attempt at a discount... i doubt the
demand
 for the cd is high.. i mean, there were 6 people in the band so that's
6
 people who want 1 cd... wait, don't forget my mom.. that makes 7. I
took
 econ, that's a 1 to 7 on the supply/demand curve. You win\*\*!
 
 But lemme tell you, the guys who were in the band are dirt poor. Three
of
 them live with thier parents, one is in and out of rehab (currently on
his
 way in) and the last keeps having kids because with each kid, the
welfare
 check ges bigger. gotta love that WIC cheese. I'm just lucky my jarts
 career took off.
 
 So, how about it, would you take less than the asking price for the
best of
 orangetree? I'll even throw in an autographed picture of me at my last
ping
 pong tourney.
 
 Gravitas\*\*\*,
 Jordan Gunn
 
 
 \* this is a perfect example that proves sometimes the japanese are
just
 plain weird.
 \*\* not really. keep reading.
 \*\*\* Kiefer Sutherland's favorite. From the latin, of course.
 
 her:
 
 Dear Jordan, Thank you for your kind offer, but I am unable to lower
the price at this time. Sorry, Wendy
 
 me:
 
 crap.

* * * * *

http://web.archive.org/web/\*sr\_91nr\_10/http://orangetreerocks.com/\*


http://web.archive.org/web/20021102060628/http://www.sonic.net/\~mpaglia/zine/ot.html


http://web.archive.org/web/20010501230243/www.ernieball.com/battle/lb\_orangetree.html


http://web.archive.org/web/20001205194000/http://www.skapunkandotherjunk.com/Interviews/orangetree.html


### guest books:

http://web.archive.org/web/20010309211158/www.orangetreerocks.com/gbook.html


http://web.archive.org/web/20020319154324/http://www.orangetreerocks.com/guestbook/


http://web.archive.org/web/20020115224920/http://www.orangetreerocks.com/guestbook/


http://web.archive.org/web/20010903203536/http://www.orangetreerocks.com/guestbook/


http://web.archive.org/web/20020207180705/http://www.orangetreerocks.com/guestbook/index.php3


http://web.archive.org/web/20011103185600/http://www.orangetreerocks.com/guestbook/index.php3


http://web.archive.org/web/20010302132323/http://www.orangetreerocks.com/guestbook/index.php3


### quotes:

the dancing guy! 
 Posted by Tim (205.188.200.164) on July 14, 2000 at 15:00:48: Hey you
mentioned maybe playing the amnesty international gig set up by my
former co-worker, The Dancing Guy, with Orangetree and I was just
wondering if that was really going to happen cause that would be rad 
 Posted by D-BAD (216.87.37.154) on July 16, 2000 at 04:23:34: In Reply
to: amnesty international gig posted by Tim on July 14, 2000 at
15:00:48: 
 : Hey you mentioned maybe playing the amnesty international gig set up
by my former co-worker, The Dancing Guy, with Orangetree and I was just
wondering if that was really going to happen cause that would be rad us
guys in CPB really dig The Dancing Guy and we like Amnesty
International, too 
 we played with Orangetree once-- a LONG time ago, at a Battle of the
Bands. It was in the middle of the afternoon, in the basement of
McMurray Music Center. They blew us off the stage. They had a girl that
played horn for them, and we think girls that play instruments are rad.

 We're going to do our best to make the Amnesty International benefit a
reality I'll talk to my people and get back to you as soon as possible!

 P.S. We're looking for girls who play horn. We need a big badass horn
section of just girls and me. 
 
 ---- 
 show with conscious youth who knows what year: 
 Fri. June 2nd CY CD Release Party!!!!
 at the Creepy Crawl w/ Outspoken, Me3 and Orangetree. 
 ---- 
http://web.archive.org/web/20010415164356/www.gvn.net/\~kac044/earcandy/2000/ec0600.htm:

 ear candy june 2000: 
 Orangetree - Orangetree 
 (Jump Up!) 
 How many ways can you spell No Doubt? How about O-R-A-N-G-E-T-R-E-E.
Well okay they aren't trying to be carbon copies, but the influence of
bands like No Doubt and Sublime that combine guitar-based punk and ska
is unavoidable. Orangetree has a sound that is horn heavy and also
edgey. I thought they were okay. I didn't find the vocals particularly
appealing - honestly I wasn't sure if it was a male or female singing at
first as the vocals are kinda whiney and eventually just plain annoying.
If you're into the 90s wave of "ska", this album may find its way into
your collection, but if you're like me and getting pretty sick of this
genre then just move on. 
 - Kim Callahan 
 Orangetree.Com 
 
---- 

http://web.archive.org/web/20010303223157/www.saltforslugs.com/slugmusicopqr.html:

 
Orangetree 
Fixing Stupid 
Jump Up! Records 
My mom told me once, at the table in her maternal glow, that the best
things were saved for last. So I struggled through the broccoli,
turnips, and of course cabbage. But then would come the sweetness of
desert. And sometimes if I was extra good, she'd put a cherry on top.
Cherries rock. Why am I telling you this? Well, for one I am a complete
goof, and two because this is how this record serves up its plate. The
first songs are your average run of the mill rock ska, bland, like
steamed celery. But then on track 6, I'm Going Ya Ya.They break away and
have gone beyond rock ska and you can hear other influences. By track 8,
You Know It (an incredible fusion of ska elements and Buddy Holly-esque
early Rock) lets you know they have something up their sleeves. What the
hell guys? Why can't your whole album be an exploration. This shit kicks
ass, why not the whole album? Track 10 What The ..., wow track 10. This
little number sounds like the New York Dolls came out with a new record.
Ex-MU330 singer Jason Nelson really outdoes himself with the chorused
vocals. This leads into what I think has to the best exploration by a
ska band, the last track entitled, Felicity. This should have been the
first track. What do I know? I'd buy this album if I didn't already have
it. It's gonna a find a place in my rotation, but I'm gonna start it on
track 6. I hope their whole next record is an exploration into the seas
of possibilities, with a cherry on top. (smits) 
 
 ---- 
http://www.angelfire.com/co/lmmpz/9reviews42.html 
Hectic World \#3 (\$1 ppd) 
P.O. Box 199 
Clawson, MI 48017 
Boring layout, little content. The cover has Boy Sets Fire, Orangetree,
At the Drive-In, and Burning Airlines. The problem is that there are no
interviews for At the Drive-In or Burning Airlines. So we're left with
the Orangetree interview (which was good, especially since it was an
email interview that went into depth) and the Boy Sets Fire interview
was alright. 
Other than that there's some reviews and a few ads. \*3\* (JQD) 
 
---- 
oct 27, 2000 show with the ray-guns in hays kansas? 
 
http://web.archive.org/web/20010224115913/www.fhsu.edu/Leader/2000/102400/news/Ray-Guns.html

 
 
---- 
shows with saving boy wonder 
1-20-2001 at sally t's with children's audio 
10-8-2001 at the holiday inn withOrangetree, Childrens Audio, Jimmy Got
Hustled, Squad Car, Disputed, Nineteen, What's Wrong With Nate?, 25
Cents Flat, Drawpointe, Corner Theory, Spatula Face 
 ---- 
 
Croakroom Records Catalogue 
Orangetree is the much-anticipated new project from ex-MU330 vocalist
Jason Nelson, and in two short years this St Louis troop is being deemed
the next big 
 
 ---- 
 thirteen. a fanzine 
this is orangetree's second release. don't be fooled by its
self-titledness. it's got some good music, but i'm no too keen on the
vocals. the rocking guitar... 
http://members.dencity.com/bradmccoy/cd.html - View old version on the 
Internet Archive 
 
 ---- 
 
http://web.archive.org/web/20010724130714/members.netscapeonline.co.uk/markskapunk/oldcdrev.htm

 
The Follwoing reviews are taken from Issue 8 out July 2000. 
V/A - Smash Your Radio 2. 
4 out of 5. 
Jump Up's annual sampler returns with a batch of new bands and the
return of some past heroes. 
Whilst many of Jump Up's original bands have passed by, Adjusters, (to
moon) Parka Kings, Greenhouse and Suspect Bill, (split) and Gangster
Fun, Skapone and Exceptions (in non recording activity) smash your radio
2 sees the return of The Eclectics, Telegraph, Hot Stove Jimmy and Deals
Gone bad. New signings the Stand knock out the Hammond soul with "bad
'ol days". Dr Ring Ding does his re-mix dancehall ska style thing on
"Call the doctor". Megasuperultra go mod with "down but not out". The
teenage frames rock with "Metropolitan world". The Porters get souled up
on amphetamines before "follow" and the Inciters bring the house down
with Northern soul on the likes of "me myself and I" and "Dynamite
exploded". 
The best of the Chicago label's 1999 releases are here with album tracks
from the psychobilly peacocks, metal-ska Thumper, rock-ska orangetree,
ska/punk harmonies Dr Manette and hard punk/ska with First Grade crush.

Horace Pinker have been plying their hard punk / emo trade for a few
years and have now signed to Jump Up. "seven hours" shows some of the
bands better work. 
The Eclectics and Telegraph both return with a more mature sound,
swapping ska/punk for emo-rock with horns but both outfits still sound
good. 
Hot stove Jimmy have turned up their brand of ska-core a notch to outdo
the Blue Meanies, leaving only Deals gone bad to return with a similar
sound having used the break to improve their ska/rocksteay tunes. Loads
of good tunes to show that the Chicago's finest label is expanding
beyond ska/punk to soul, emo, mod and punk rock. 
Jump Up Records. 
---- 
 
http://web.archive.org/web/20011225154218/www.bostonska.com/newsletter/current.html

 
 
I just got this email from Down Under about the new issue of zine "These
Boots" Issue 7 is now online. I haven't had a chance to check out the
site 
 (http://www.geocities.com/theseboots66) yet for this issue, but they 
 
mention an interveiw with Asian Man Records and information/articles on

 
many bands including: The Porkers, The Riffs, Bluekilla, Dave and Ansel

Collins, Freetown, Orangetree, Catch 22, 7 Wonders of the World (label),

 
and many more. 
 
---- 
http://www.geocities.com/theseboots66/jan/index.html leads to: 
http://www.geocities.com/SunsetStrip/Garage/7111/jan/ot.html: 
ORANGETREE 
Self titled 
Jump Up Records! 
Review by Micko 
 
Twelve tracks of diverse post skacore here from Jason Nelson from
MU330's other band. Orangetree put in their bio - "horn driven arena
rock with punk beats and a high pitched pop/soul vocal style with just a
hint of ska riff'd in". So that helps put a picture in your head what
O.T sound like...but really, must a band/ label include that crap in the
bio's they send for reviews Let us reviewers make up our own minds
unBIASed. First song "miserable" is very reminiscent vocally of very
early green day which was a bit of a shock after reading that, but
basically this is very catchy rock with horns and ska riffage thrown in
there sometimes sounding unwanted. Nelson's distinct vocals make OT very
MU330 melodic punk/rock sounding. His vocal range melodies are high as,
leaving the songs in your head all day. All up its pretty cock
rock...corporate sounding emo rock skacore. The horn lines aren't varied
enough song to song giving this a fair bit of fluff. Bits though do
sound alike Asian man jazzy skacore rock Asian man style. This kinda
shit I reckon will be the next big bang punk style for the next few
years. With OT's big penis'd anthems and emo lyrics...I guess that's
where this "80's arena rock" thing cums from. Add to that vocals which
don't sound unlike Van Halen, but also with a slight Jawbreaker
influence in some of their verses. This shit occasionally rocks out,
some of the melodies work well, think Less Than Jake or Johnny Socko,
and especially Dance Hall Crashers on "that's not you". OT's sound is
very polished, one song "all my friends," sounds remarkably like no
doubt. , even vocally, mixed with kiss style guitar wanking. One ballad
style song made me think of Christian rock for some reason...made me
wanna sing along and clap. I think I would've liked this a while back.
Hah wish I hadn't read their bio first. MU330 kicks OT to the 'curb. 
 
Jump Up! Records, P.O. Box 13189, Chicago, IL 60613 
 
These Boots Home 
 
--- 
SHow april 3, 1999 
 
Greenhouse, Gangster Fun, First Grade Crush, Orangetree. 7:30pm, All
Ages, Metro 
 
 ---- 
 
http://web.archive.org/web/20010223232853/http://readmag.com/
musicreviews2.html 
 
Orangetree “Fixing Stupid” Jump Up! 
Before ska-rock hit the mainstream a couple years ago, quirky Midwest
ska-rock was something fun, bouncy, ska without any serious message.
However, since this branch of the ska tree has been so over-saturated in
recent years, for a band to play it, it’s now gotta be really, really
good. Orangetree, Jason Nelson’s (ex-MU330) long-awaited project, is
just okay. Although not bad at all, it’s really just treading the
same-old quirk-ska ground. Yet, there is more than a glimmer of hope.
The last track “Felicity” is a great straight-up rock song, with catchy
changes and chorus. Instead of quirky ska-rock, maybe just a fun rock
direction would be a great way for Jason Nelson to break from MU330 and
rock out all his own. (AL) 
 
---- 
 
KRAPP's Release Archive for May 2000 
5/23/00, Orangetree, S/T, 2nd Album. CD, Jump Up! 
 ---- 
 
HECTIC WORLD MAGAZINE is a punk and independent music publication which
is based in Detroit, MI. So far these bands have been interviewed for
the magazine: 
 
AT THE DRIVE IN---(appears on the webpage) 
BURNING AIRLINES--(appears on the webpage) 
BOY SETS FIRE-----(appears in issue \#3) 
ORANGETREE--------(appears in issue \#3) 
 
 ---- 
 
short millie's diary: 
 
1/11/98 
Well, our winter tour kinda sucked cause of the snow storms in the
midwest. We played at CD release in Green Bay , WI for an emo band
called cup388. they were good, check them out if they come through your
area. New Years kicked ass! we played at a party in milwaukee with the
benjamins and the eating disorders. we stayed with Ben, Richard and
Shelia who lived in (and used to run, the Buffum house (R.I.P.) shows
there always were fun, we'll miss that place. then we drove to st louis,
that's when things went down hill. in milwaukee there was no snow, by
the time we got to st louis they had more than a foot! we got snowed in
at jason and tammy nelson's house (orangetree). it sucked, the show was
cancelled (it will be rescheduled in February). 
 ---- 
 
http://web.archive.org/web/20011021042850/216.156.121.142/reviews/SkaSucks.htm

ORANGETREE 
Fixing Stupid 
(Jump Up! Records) 
D 
Have you ever heard of MU330? They're good, right? Yes. Well, their
singer quit and started this new band called Orangetree and they suck. I
guess maybe one or two of these songs have catchy choruses or horn
riffs, but overall, this CD is just a huge sack of shit. Don't buy it. 
Imagine Less Than Jake mating with Blink 182 and they have a retarded
bastard child who sounds even more generic and crappy than the two of
them combined. That child's name is Orangetree. 
(Apologies to all you Ska Sucks kids who are huge Less Than Jake fans
for some weird reason). 
- Sam 

* * * * *

![](media/orangeTreeVeryBestOfJumpUp.jpg)
 
 ![](media/orangeTreeBestOf.jpg)
 
 ![](media/orangeTreeKnowYourSkalphabet.jpg)
 
 
 
 ![](media/orangeTreeRockNRollConf.jpg)
 
 ![](media/compilationCoverSexSells.jpg)
