### Polish a Stick

I remember reading a short story in hight school english. For some
reason i'm thinking it was in either andy rooney's book or a chapter in
one of the chicken soup for the soul books... If it sounds familiar,
please let me know so I can update this.

The story sort of went like this. A middle aged guy who was thought it
would be really cool if our culture had a right of passage tradition.
Something Similar to the Aboriginies' walkabout or some type of tribal
scarification that may or may not take place in some jungle where the
participants may or may not have bones sticking through their lip.

Anyway, his point was he wished he had to go through a right of passage.
He had it all planned out. The elders would send him into the woods
alone. He would not be allowed to return until he completed one very
important task. A task that was completed by his father, his father's
father, even his creepy uncle Tony. The ritual was old and revered by
all.

It was simple. He would be sent into the woods on a nice weekend with
plenty of food, water, supplies, and a stick. His task? Sit in the woods
and polish the stick. That's it. He'd shine the stick. And, after a
night or two, when he emerged from the woods everyone would celebrate
the polished stick. Old women would admire it. Young women would swoon
and the young men of the area would hoist him in the air and carry him
around like he just scored the winning goal at the world cup.

Now, I'm sure there is more to the story and it has some greater
meaning... I was in high school and was forced to read the story
probably because we had a substitute teacher and there wasn't anything
good to do.. Who knows. I do remember thinking the story was pointless
and trivial... and lame. I mean, who would \_want\_ a right of passage
ritual to be so weak. If you're going to do something that is
meaningful, why not put yourself out there a bit. Do something useful,
or cool, or dangerous... What a pussy.

* * * * *

Today I spent the day mowing, trimming, weeding, picking up dog poop. In
fact, I've spent the better part of the last two years working on my
homes. They started out in pretty good shape. The roofs didn't leak,
heating and ac were fine, I could sleep, eat, poop with no problems.
But, for some reason there was always something to do. Let's landscape
the front yard. Let's make the back yard look like the san diego zoo.
Let's paint the living room. There's a bare spot in the grass. ooh, i
don't like that color in the living room any more, let's change it.

I haven't just been working on the house. Nope, we've been buying
furniture, too. Decorating, watching shows about decorating, installing
bamboo, tastefully appointing every room with the trendiest of items.
It's been fun. It's been expensive. I work very hard during the day and
the occasional late night in a [Business Casual](businessCasual.html)
cubicle. I mean, we have to have extra money for the little things. The
house is beautiful.

Today, as I'm picking up the poop of our two uber stylish dachunds I
think to myself, *Why does it have to be so beautiful?* I mean, i like
to go to the art museum as much as the next guy, but why must we spend
so much time making our domain so perfect? It's a lot of work. So much
I've noticed I don't have friends anymore. It doesn't matter, I wouldn't
have time for them if I did.

I didn't have much time to ponder. There was lots to do. Cleaning,
mopping, dusting, and I \_have\_ to finish sealing the italian tile.
After all, We have house guests this weekend.

After four days of frantic preparation, they walk in the door. Ooooh,
ahhh, I love what you've done here, and that marble is beautiful, where
did you get that painting?

Behold! My shiny stick.
