### Porsches

The Porsche 924s is definitely my favorite car of all time. This, of
course, is because it is the only "sports" car I have ever seen that can
transport a Marshall 4x12 cabinet, head, two guitars and a 2 space rack.

With that said, I like to drive them into the ground. Let's start with a
before shot.

* * * * *

![](media/924Studs.jpg)

* * * * *

It doesn't get much hotter than this. The 1979 924 on the left was my
first car. The '87 924s on the right ended up being my second car. Do
your best to ignore the schleps.

Here's the '79 the day I gave it away:

* * * * *

![](media/goodbye924.jpg)

* * * * *

This is the day I gave away my 1987 Porsche 924s. The guy way in the
back in the white shirt is my dad. That's my beautiful '84 gmc vandura
[van](theVan.html) in the back.

* * * * *

![](media/goodbye924s2.jpg)

* * * * *

Another shot with my 94 325is in the background

* * * * *

![](media/goodbye924s1.jpg)

* * * * *

I think that was april 16 2005.. or maybe may 31... you know, what, i
have no clue.

Dirty Pete (Yes, I name my cars) was my 3rd 924. I bought it off ebay
with a blown motor. Drug it home from tennessee and swapped the motor
with my second 924s (seen above... hername was "Namer").

* * * * *

![](media/dirtyPete.jpg)

* * * * *

I sold Dirty Pete in Septemberish 2003 to some guy from St. Charles.

This is what it looks like when you have to replace the heater core on a
Porsche 924, 924s, or 944.

* * * * *

![](media/heaterCore.jpg)

* * * * *

While on the topic of ripping apart water cooled porsches, It isn't too
tough to swap engines between two 924s'. That's why the second 924s up
there doesn't have an engine. It ended up in DirtyPete. There's a lot of
stories behind that including a trip to tennessee and driving down the
highway with no brakes while towing a car. Gotta love the
[van](theVan.html).

#### 924SE

I went 5 years without a 924S in the driveway before I convinced myself
I *needed* to buy one. I got back on the rennlist 944 forums and began
what turned into a 4 month search for the perfect car. I learned about a
special edition (SE, get it? clever germans!) 924S that was built in
1988. It was sold as a "track ready" car with higher compression
pistons, sports suspension, and it was stripped of anything unnecessary
to save weight. They only came in black and there were only 500 brought
to the United States. I had to have one.

Well… I got one… Oh boy… Did I ever get one. Read about it
[here](924SE.html).

#### 928

I also wrench on old 928's... I don't have much to write about them,
except this is what it looks like when you're converting the CIS fuel
injection to Electronic.

* * * * *

![](media/928FuelInjection.jpg)

* * * * *
