Recent Changes
--------------

**May 17, 2012** - updated "some thoughts" if i keep it up, that page
will be my unrevised, unreviewed, raw blog.

**January 9, 2012** - new epitaph, updated books. spending more time on
armp.it, lately.

**June 28, 2011** - started a book.and added a what makes you, you.

**May 1, 2011** - finished another book or five.

**Feb 13, 2011** - recently finished another book.

**Jan 18, 2011** - I read Half a Life in one siting.

**Jan 6, 2011** - I finished another book, added something to what makes
you, and something funny.

**Dec 9, 2010** - I finished the hunger games.

**Nov 29, 2010** - Finished 2 books this weekend.

**Nov 12, 2010** - Finished 2 books this weekend.

**Nov 10, 2010** - Added a drink to the inventor.

**Oct 25, 2010** - 4 hours of minor edits. Added the 924SE page.

**Oct 3, 2010** - finished White Noise.

**Sep 18, 2010** - finished American Psycho.

**Sep 8, 2010** - finished Bright Lights Big City.

**Sep 7, 2010** - finished House of Leaves.

**Aug 12, 2010** - just bought 6 used books, added them to books i'm
reading.

**Aug 09, 2010** - went to mexico and read 6 books.

**Jul 05, 2010** - updated books i'm reading.

**Jun 30, 2010** - updated books i'm reading.

**Jun 23, 2010** - updated books i'm reading and threw my name in the
footer of every page (gotta love sed!)

**Jun 18, 2010** - Spending more time working on
[armp.it](http://armp.it/).

**Mar 31, 2010** - updated books i'm reading.

**Mar 24, 2010** - added some band names and updated books i'm reading.

**Mar 1, 2010** - I got a [migraine](migraine.html)

**Feb 21, 2010** - recorded a version of the 1968 hit, [Wichita
Lineman](wichitaLineman.html)

**Feb 15, 2010** - additions and revisions to [what makes you,
you.](whatMakesYouYou.html)

**Feb 02, 2010** - Something Funny Happened.

**Jan 18, 2010** - I recorded [Big Red](bigRed.html).

**Jan 5, 2010** - I named the wiener dog in Binge - Chapter 1.

**Dec 11, 2009** - I've been updating the
[blog](http://trickykegstands.blogspot.com) more than this site lately.
Today I added a bandname and a new favorite word, though.

**Aug 20, 2009** - Something funny happened - a psycho dream...

**Aug 6, 2009** - new add to what makes you, you.

**July 17, 2009** - Minor additions to what makes you, you.

**July 12, 2009** - Started editing Elevator Ride - I love re-reading
something I thought was good only to see how horrible it is. Makes me
feel like I'm learning something.

**July 7, 2009** - Added drink 6 to The Inventor.

**June 17, 2009** - I crapped out The Inventor tonight.

**June 9, 2009** - I added a page about Lemp Caverns and Cherokee Cave.

**June 5, 2009** - Something funny happened.

**June 1, 2009** - Something funny happened.

**May 28, 2009** - I must love editing things. Another change to I Need
You. I got to use my line about meat!

**May 27, 2009** - Minor changes to various stories, updated
neatbandsthatIlike and I wrote my second screenplay.

**May 25, 2009** - read a book, added it to the list. My favorite line
was this: "Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One
does not love breathing."

**May 22, 2009** - Finally wrote down the [Manhunt](manhunt.html) story
from last winter.

**May 11, 2009** - Cleaned up I Need You (original ending) just a bit.

**May 1, 2009** - It was an amazing month. I changed my epitaph.

**April 7, 2009** - Nothing exciting, just finished a book. I decided
not add that section mentioned below. It isn't good.

**March 28, 2009** - Added a book to books I'm reading... I also added
an entire section, but am thinking I won't put it up. It needs work.

**March 9, 2009** - Gave up reading Ulysses and changed the quote on
business casual.

**February 23, 2009** - Added the Owls page (put it on the front page,
as well.) Also added Good Idea/Bad Idea.

**February 17, 2009** - Changed to quote at the bottom of what's my
name.

**February 12, 2009** - Added a book to books I'm reading plus Bukowski
Advice.

**January 19, 2009** - Finished No Country for Old Men so I updated the
list, also changed the epitaph.

**January 18, 2009** - My mom got in a horrible car accident this
weekend which got me thinking about death which may or may not have
something to do with me updating my [epitaph](epitaph.html). I also
pulled some of the non utf-8 chars out of bad karma. I'll be slowly
cleaning those up as time goes on.

**January 14, 2009** - Added a new band name, a book to the books i'm
reading list, and an entry to something funny happened today.

**January 3, 2009** - I read two books in one sitting so I added it to
the list.

**January 2, 2009** - Something Funny Happened a few days ago so I added
a story there.

**December 27, 2008** - Changed the inspirational quote on I Need You
and added a line. Added a ton of unformatted content to the Orangetree
page.

**December 10, 2008** - Something Funny Happened a few days ago so I
added a story there. Also, I finished the whole Twilight series so I
updated Books I'm reading

**November 7, 2008** - It looks like i updated Binge Ch. 1

**November 2, 2008** - Finished Twilight so I updated Books I'm reading

**October 28, 2008** - Finally updated Books I'm Reading

**October 7, 2008** - Something Funny Happened today.

**September 25, 2008** - Something Funny Happened today.

**September 12, 2008** - Added a caption to Evil Hornet.

**September 11, 2008** - Updated "Books I'm Reading" and a quote at a
bottom of some page.

**September 5, 2008** - Added The Best Trip Ever. Hopefully I'll finish
it, soon.

**September 4, 2008** - Added a name and reorganized the band name page.
Changed the quote on caves.

**September 2, 2008** - Changed the quote at the bottom of the blog post
response.

**August 28, 2008** - Added the Drawing page and a very rough first
chapter of Binge.

**August 24, 2008** - Read 3 more books, updated "Books I'm Reading".

**August 11, 2008** - Edited "What's My Name" and added two new books to
"Books I'm Reading." Also created the "Recent Changes" page.

**August 4, 2008** - Added a new compilation to Orangetree. Edited "A
Response to a Tard Bag's Blog Post", "Something Funny Happened Today"
and "The Palm of My Hand."

**July 24, 2008** - Wrote "Elevator Ride, July 24, 2008"

**July 11, 2008** - Added a few names to "Band Names"

**June 2008** - Updated and redesigned the entire site.

**** -
