### Time Does Not Exist

I'm just going to throw this out here. Time does not exist. Time is
considered one of the "fundamental quantities." That is, one of the
units for physical quantities from which every other unit can be
generated. That's great, but I feel that fact is over generalizing and
leads to inaccuracies. Let's take a 45 second look at time and try to
figure out if time really does exist.

Perhaps you're thinking, "Of course it exists, douche bag. After all,
time is a physical quantity that can be measured and calculated. Like
weight, it is just there. Stick a slab of meat on a scale and measure
it. Click the stopwatch when the runner crosses the finish line. Look...
45 seconds, there's your time, dumb ass."

Right. You can measure it, but what is, "it?" Who's to say those 45
seconds are the same as 45 seconds measured by the same stop watch 5000
years from now at the bottom of the deepest ocean? It won't be. Let's
say you have two identical, uberaccurate, atomic stopwatches. Start them
both at the "exact" same time and throw one really hard so it goes
outside the solar system and comes back (perhaps you'll need to tape it
to a boomerang to get it to come back.) Stop them and have a look...
they don't say the same thing. One is a little off. Don't believe me?
Read some books.

It has been a while since I've read a book, but i seem to remember time
is relative to speed and gravity... you go really fast, distance
shrinks. You cruise by a planet and time gets warped. I may not have
that right because that makes no sense.. how do you measure speed? with
stop watches and yardsticks... How do you measure gravity? by timing how
long the bowling ball takes to land on your toe. Hmm... it looks like
everything is dependent on everything else and those measurements
involve time.

My 45 seconds is about up, so this is how it is. Time is the ratio of
one moving thing over another. It is just a unitless ratio. For example,
we can express time by the number of times our heart beats between
sunrises. Time is not constant because the ratio can easily get screwed
up by outside forces. In the sunrise case it will get thrown off if a
Liger jumps out from behind a tree... and, in the atomic clock case it's
thrown off ever so slightly by gravity.

Here's my hand-wavy screwy point. The physics we see such as time,
distance and energy is the macroscopic interactions between particles on
a scale that is tiny beyond our imagination. These particles are moving
and interacting in simplistic ways that when added together form our
experience of the universe. When the atomicstopwatchboomerang gets
tossed through the solar system it's tiny particles are reacting to all
the tiny particles and summations of particles it is passing by and
through. Therefore it's ratio (time) is affected differently than the
stopwatch i'm holding in my sweaty hand in stl.

Time does not exist, but it is a convenient way to express the
interactions of quadribiliojigillions of particles that are busy
interacting on a too-small-to-comprehend scale. Lucky for us, math
scales so someone should eventually be able to figure it out...

back to [FortyFiveSecondTheories](fortyFiveSecondTheories.html)
