### Today I Learned

#### 2013 02 06

I should purchase parts at a discount site and take them with me when I take a car in for repair. I
paid $84 for a rubber boot today. Never again.

I don't write very well anymore.

Frightened Rabbit's "Pedestrian Verse" is really good!

#### 2013 02 05

It is impossible for me to fake my way through band practice with this new band. There aren't enough
of us in the band to cover mistakes. I like that.

#### 2013 02 04

Centralize logging (see Graylog2) is the shit. I never gave much thought to logs in the past but now
that there is a way to search/filter and view all logs from all apps and servers from one dashboard, 
I want to use them for everything. I will spend the next few days making my log messages work for me.
First thing is sort of a heartbeat that does a system check and spits it to a log. I'll be able to
filter for those heartbeat messages to assess the status of my apps realtime (and historically if I
need to track down an issue.)

Warby Parker!

#### 2013 02 02

My life of late has been a grind house soundtrack of glitch punctuated by bits of progcore twee.

I am getting 2 pairs of glasses. Normal and computer.

#### 2013 01 15

Nagios: 'taint pretty, but it gets the job done.

#### 2013 01 12

The Chippewa boots are really nice! I busted out my vintage, Made in England Doc Martens and cleaned
them up. Now I have 2 pairs of boots. The docs are also very nice. I had no idea how good I had it
back then. I've worn nothing but crap shoes for the past 10 years and, well, now I know the error of
my ways. Also, wool socks are phenomenal. I used to only wear them snowboarding like they were only
for special occasions. I asked for a few pairs for Christmas and have been wearing them ever since.
Amazing!

#### 2013 01 06

Boot Decision 2013!  I wanted Wolverine 1000 Mile boots, but they were $340. Then I wanted Red Wing
Iron Rangers, but they were $285. I bought Chippewa Apache Lacer's for $136.

#### 2013 01 02

Miami Connection - <http://youtu.be/VpZu69OB2KM>

I moved configuration (passwords and tokens and whatnots) out of the webapp properties so I wouldn't
accidentally push them to a repo. I wasn't sure the best way to do this, though. I explored using
jasypt, but it seemed like overkill, and its development isn't very active. I wound up putting
everything into /etc/\<project\>/\<project\>.properties on each server. I figure the server knows
its own environment so it can be responsible for providing the correct settings in that properties
file. I did not encrypt because 1) Each of my servers is typically responsible for one thing and 2)
if someone has access to that file on one of my servers, i have big problems anyway. Sure, I should
encrypt sensitive data there, but I'm saving that for a rainy day.

#### 2012 12 19

A moment that, for me, is both terrifying and confusing.

#### 2012 12 18

lee /lÄ“/ Shelter from wind or weather given by a neighboring object, especially nearby land. 2. The sheltered side; the side away from the wind.

#### 2012 12 17

We move faster if, for anything, to spend less time in it.

#### 2012 05 05

<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chingon_(band)>